update automatically settting gomemlimit (#1188)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/cli/environment-variables.md

---------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|--------
`http://proxy.example.com` | The hostname or IP address of the proxy server. |

### GOMEMLIMIT

> Normally the [Go runtime][runtime] will release memory back to the Operating System when requested. In certain environments this may cause issues such as Out of Memory errors. The `GOMEMLIMIT` variable is a numeric value in bytes with an optional unit suffix. The supported suffixes include B, KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB. This should not be treated has a hard limit. The process can use more memory if that memory is required. A rough number is to set `GOMEMLIMIT` to 90% of the maximum amount of memory usage. For example if you wanted to keep memory usage below `10GiB` then use `GOMEMLIMIT=8GiB`.

Author: @clayton-cornell I added some doc here but its rough, would love additional eyes.

> Normally the [Go runtime][runtime] will release memory back to the Operating System when requested. In certain environments this may cause issues such as Out of Memory errors. The `GOMEMLIMIT` variable is a numeric value in bytes with an optional unit suffix. The supported suffixes include B, KiB, MiB, GiB, and TiB. This should not be treated has a hard limit. The process can use more memory if that memory is required. A rough number is to set `GOMEMLIMIT` to 90% of the maximum amount of memory usage. For example if you wanted to keep memory usage below `10GiB` then use `GOMEMLIMIT=8GiB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, the [Go runtime][runtime] will release memory back to the operating system when requested.
In some environments, this may cause issues such as Out Of Memory (OOM) errors.
You can use the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable to set a soft memory cap and limit the maximum memory {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} can use.
You can set `GOMEMLIMIT` to a numeric value in bytes with an optional unit suffix.
The supported unit suffixes are `B`, `KiB`, `MiB`, `GiB`, and `TiB`.
Don't treat the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable as a hard memory limit.
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}  processes can use more memory if that memory is required.
A rough number is to set `GOMEMLIMIT` to is 90% of the maximum memory required.
For example, if you want to keep memory usage below `10GiB`, use `GOMEMLIMIT=8GiB`.
```

#### Automatic setting of GOMEMLIMIT

> The `GOMEMLIMIT` variable will be automatically set if {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} can determine the appropriate value. If the `GOMEMLIMIT` value is set before running  {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} then that setting will be honored. The value will be set to 90% of the cgroup value set. If the limit cannot be determined and no value was explicitly passed then no changes will occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable is set automatically {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} can determine the appropriate value.
If you set the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable before you run  {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} then that setting will be used.
The variable value is set to 90% of the `cgroup` value set.
No changes will occur if the limit cannot be determined and you did not explicitly define a  `GOMEMLIMIT` value.
```

I'm not sure what this means: `The variable value is set to 90% of the cgroup value set.`  Are we referring to GOMEMLIMIT as a cvalue? or does this mean that you define GOMEMLIMIT to some value such as `8GiB` and it takes 90% of that? Or... is this the automatic determination part and this sentence belongs to the first sentence?

Author: If a cgroup value is available then the GOMEMLIMIT will automatically be set to 90% of the cgroup value.

`http://proxy.example.com` | The hostname or IP address of the proxy server. |

### GOMEMLIMIT

Usually, the [Go runtime][runtime] will release memory back to the operating system when requested.
In some environments, this may cause issues such as Out Of Memory (OOM) errors.
You can use the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable to set a soft memory cap and limit the maximum memory {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} can use.
You can set `GOMEMLIMIT` to a numeric value in bytes with an optional unit suffix.
The supported unit suffixes are `B`, `KiB`, `MiB`, `GiB`, and `TiB`.
Don't treat the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable as a hard memory limit.
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}  processes can use more memory if that memory is required.
A rough number is to set `GOMEMLIMIT` to is 90% of the maximum memory required.
For example, if you want to keep memory usage below `10GiB`, use `GOMEMLIMIT=8GiB`.

#### Automatic setting of GOMEMLIMIT

The `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable is set automatically {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} can determine the appropriate value.
If you set the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable before you run  {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} then that setting will be used.

> The variable value is set to 90% of the `cgroup` value set.

Author: Looks correct and it is the memory cgroup.

> The variable value is set to 90% of the `cgroup` value set.

Reviewer: I've updated the suggestion
